Now. everyone!
D-Did we win?
These four great warriors aided the
hero and defeated the Demon King!
In recognition of your efforts.
I shall give you. the sages of
Fire. Earth. Water. and Wind.
the titles reserved for
the strongest of mages...
The Four Emperors!
The Four Emperors...
In this world. only those of noble
blood can earn the title "Emperor."
Even if these titles are only
applicable in the world of magic.
they are still being bestowed upon us!
What an incredible reward!
Sage Eftal...
Yes.
In the world of magic. though
you may not be the mightiest.
you still have been given
the title of Emperor.
From now on. you may call yourself
the Lightning Emperor.
Me?
Y-You honor me. sire!
A round of applause for
the new Four Emperors!
Hooray! Hooray for the Four Emperors!
Hooray for the Four Emperors!
After forty years studying magic...
In that moment. my efforts were
recognized in the greatest way possible!
Master Eftal.
breakfast is ready.
Oh...
Good morning. Merlin.
Another good day for training.
Excellent. Keep it up.
Focus!
R-Right!
If you can't focus. you won't be able to
maintain your magic circle while chanting.
Okay. enough.
Well done. everyone. Keep it up.
- Now. let's try the level
four spells again...
- Master Eftal?
Why don't you get some rest?
Ah. I'm not tired at all.
I see...
A demon mother and her child...
They were caught up in our battle?
You don't remember it. I suspect...
But I killed so many of your clan.
And now you're looking at me
with such worry...
Okay. let's go over our
level four spells again.
Okay.
Master Eftal! Please teach us level six!
Level six?
We just learned level five. though!
As always. Merlin.
you're very spirited.
Of course I am!
I'm the best student of Eftal.
the Lightning Emperor!
The Lightning Emperor...
What's your hurry. Merlin?
Shall we continue practicing
our concentration instead?
The fundamentals are important.
I know!
But I need to hurry...
No. never mind.
I can't be afraid.
A little deeper...
I'll defeat the monster in there
so I can truly call myself the
Lightning Emperor's best student.
Then I can teach everyone so
Master Eftal doesn't have to.
Master Eftal can relax and get some rest.
Level four magic didn't work at all?!
I've got one chance...
Spirits of the wind. dwell in my hands!
Grant me your blessings...
And power.
Gather with the thunder...
And through your pact with me...
Release your light!
Focus! Focus!
Level six!
Thunderbolt!
I did it!
Master Eftal!
I told you to stay away from this forest!
I-I'm sorry!
Sheesh...
Listen. Merlin.
You have the greatest potential
among all my students.
But you're in too much of a hurry.
Power you rush to master
is no power at all.
It'll slip right through your fingers.
I'm in the middle of a lecture.
Don't interrupt me.
Level ten.
Eftal.
Master Eftal was so strong...
That again?
You've done enough study
for today. Go to bed.
Okay!
Master Eftal?!
Damn this sickness...
Master Eftal?
You saw. then?
I noticed before.
That's why I wanted to
learn as fast as I could...
So that's why you've
been working so hard?
Master Eftal. please
take care of yourself.
Get as much rest as you can...
I have little time left.
And no time to rest.
Why?
Why are you still training your
magic even when you're so sick?
Because...
I want to train the talented students
who come after me. like you.
I wanted to be the
strongest in the world.
"Wanted"?
Yes.
Every mage wants to be
the greatest of them all.
I am no exception.
But...
Unfortunately. I'm never
going to achieve that.
What are you saying?
You're incredibly strong!
The Lightning Emperor is
the strongest of them all!
Even today. you did a level
ten spell so... easily...
I know what you're trying to say.
But compared to the younger
ones and their talents...
I...
Even during the battle
against the Demon King.
only I. the oldest. was ever struggling.
Master Eftal!
Big news! Master Eftal!
What is it?
The Flame Emperor has finished
his theory of magical aptitude!
What?
The details are here!
The discovery of one's magical aptitude
has long been thought impossible...
I see!
So that's how it's done?
The Flame Emperor is every
bit the genius I expected.
Master Eftal. what will you do?
It's worth testing. Let's give it a try!
Okay!
There we go.
Let's start with Merlin.
Ow!
You put a single hair from the
test subject in each vial.
immersing it in special magic
water treated for each element:
fire. earth. water. and wind.
The blue and green ones are shining!
What does it mean?
The paper says that the strength of
the light and the depth of the color
indicate a rank between E and S.
Green and blue are glowing
and brightly-colored.
I guess that means you have S
Rank in both Water and Wind.
The other test tubes are red and brown...
So fire is C Rank and
earth is B. is that right?
Yes. so it seems.
I guess that sounds right...
This is amazing.
It doesn't seem to mean much to Merlin.
but I've raised her since
she was a baby. so I know.
Given what I know about
Merlin's magical aptitude.
the results of this magical
aptitude test are 100% accurate.
The current way we learn magic involves
making a student study
basic spells of all types.
and after a certain time. we decide
what we believe their aptitude to be.
But now we'll know the
minute they start school...
No. we'll know what they're best
at the moment they're born!
They can become stronger!
Do me next.
There's no need!
You're one of the Four Emperors!
What. you're not curious. Merlin?
It must be amazing!
I can't wait to see!
To tell the truth. I want to know.
Even if I can't reach the
highest level of magic...
I want to know if I ever
had the talent to do it.
Go ahead.
All right.
I've worked dozens. no. hundreds
of times harder than anyone else!
I'm sure the other Emperors
worked hard too...
But I put in considerably
more effort than they did.
So...
C-Colorless?
Colorless means no aptitude. it says.
But there's no way you
could have zero aptitude!
That's right!
It's impossible!
No aptitude at all means that none
of the spirits will bless you!
B-But why?
I'm the Lightning Emperor!
We may have done it wrong!
Let's try again!
Yes. you're right.
Let's try again.
We must have made a mistake!
But the vials remained colorless
no matter how many times I tried.
Why?
No...
It always took me longer than
the rest to learn magic.
Only my unending effort made
me better than any of them.
I see...
So that's it.
The reason I couldn't beat
the other Emperors...
The reason they continuously
surpassed me...
I had no magical aptitude.
That's the only reason.
It's so simple.
Master Eftal!
Master Eftal...
Master Eftal. I've brought
you some hot water.
Stay out.
I always...
I always thought I could reach the
highest levels of magic someday.
But I couldn't overcome
the wall called "talent."
In that moment. I lost
my wishes and my hope.
No... I had no wishes
or hope from the start!
I'm pathetic... I'm so pathetic!
If only I had more time...
I thought that effort
would get me there...
I'm so frustrated... so frustrated...
So frustrated... so frustrated...
Oh. that's right.
It was over 50 years ago.
I forgot I even had this skill.
This is where we first met.
after I ended my life in a different
world from the last one.
It's been a long time. Eftal.
Your skill. "Indomitable."
gave you the power to work toward
your goal without ever giving up.
So that's it?
That explains why I could never
give up on anything.
Now. it's time for your
second reincarnation.
Again. you may have two
starting bonus skills.
How about "2x Growth"?
No. I'll pass.
I've still got my magical knowledge.
If I have the time to put in effort
and get better. that's enough.
Just what I'd expected to hear.
You rose to the rank of the Four Emperors.
even though you had no aptitude.
That wasn't due to your skill alone.
It was thanks to the strength of your will.
Well. I don't know if I'd go that far.
Very well.
Are you ready. then?
Yes. go ahead.
Have a wonderful journey.
M-My memories are coming
back to me again...
I'm Eftal. the Lightning Emperor!
Eftal!
Good morning!
Did you sleep well?
My beloved Eftal!
Mom! I can't breathe!
Oh. sorry.
Breakfast is ready.
Thanks to the Second Reincarnation
skill that the Goddess gave me.
I'm now on my third life.
Ever since I turned four. memories of
the old Eftal have started to return.
This time. I'm going
to truly master magic.
What is it?
Oh. nothing!
- What I remembered this morning
- Thank you!
- was how to prepare water
for a magical aptitude test.
Okay. time to try it!
I knew to expect it. but...
No color at all. huh?
It's likely I'm going to hit my limits
when I learn level ten spells.
just like last time.
A dragon?!
Its eyes are crimson!
Someone made it mad?
Hey. the dragon's heading for the capital!
This is bad! After it!
Don't let it get away!
The town's in danger!
That's right...
I could have done something at my peak.
But now I'm just four years old.
What can I do?
If I'd known this would happen.
I would've been reborn in a
body that could use magic.
That's right...
That old spell I made.
My own original spell.
Level ten. Eftal.
I-I did it!
The dragon fell to the ground!
Was it struck by lightning?!
This way!
Be careful!
Does this mean...
It looks like I was reborn into
this world able to wield
magical abilities from the peak
of my old life. even at the age of four.